hey what's up guys welcome back to my
channel my name is only 43 and welcome
to another video in this video today
we're going to be talking about this
awesome GTA 5 feature which is the
aircraft carrier and one specific heist
mission it's a fantastic piece of kit
it's really really fun at the end of
this video I'm going to be talking about
how you can get access to it so if
you're interested in that be sure to
stick around to the end of the video but
basically the aircraft carrier is
specific to one mission in one of us is
like the third heist in GTA online and
it's a really really cool mission it's
probably my favorite mission now all of
the missions and I've completed heist
now and definitely the this one is just
one of the coolest with the music and
just the fact that you're stealing the
Hydra and you're flying away and it's
like loads of jets and it's really
really cool I'm not going to spoil the
story aspect of it too much but you end
up on an aircraft carrier and you have
to like run away obviously once you get
there so it's really really cool but one
thing I don't understand I think a lot
of people in the GTA community are kind
of agreeing with is why and why on earth
is this not in free mode like for one
thing it would be a great feature like
from our perspective it would be cool to
check out be cool to get like a few crew
members and try and defend it in hold of
other people trying to attack it like as
they're coming it with planes and boats
and things that'd be really really cool
but secondly Rockstar pups must have put
hours and hours and resources and
resources into building this and it's
not like it's a bodge job it's not like
it's a hallway and the only good part of
it is the bit you see in the mission no
there's detail throughout the whole
aircraft carrier it looks fantastic I
just don't understand why they put all
those resources in made a fantastic
aircraft carrier and then what made it
dark - filled it with loads of enemies
shooting at you so you couldn't really
stick around and check it out all that
March and three just put a timer on you
actually being there so it's rip for me
like it would be awesome if they put
this in GTA online and I like honestly
recommend you kind of leaving some
feedback Rockstar
like a feedback email I suggest you use
that or just leave a comment on their
news once a this is a little suggestion
I don't want to be too spammy and
sheltie but like it would be really cool
if we had the hoist aircraft carrier in
free mode I don't understand why they
don't I think it would be really really
cool
you know maybe it's because they don't
want to spoil it for people that haven't
played heist but like the people that
don't know about it aren't going to go
out to sea and find it so I don't see
how that's a problem and it's not going
to ruin the story or anything I just
think it would be really really cool
that's just my personal opinion if you
agree be sure to let me know in the
comments section or tweet me or I don't
know what you have you got to do if you
just don't like her you can sit there
are not you can go mmmm yes I preached
it I'm not going to say anything on it
but I'm going to nod my head and agree
like you can totally do that that's cool
but anyway so some of you probably have
been wondering how you can actually get
access to this some of you may have
caught on to the fact there is one a
youtube link on the screen I didn't put
that in that was the guy who made this
kind of map it's a content creator map
and it's a capture job I believe and
basically you spawn in by the mouth shop
on the beach and you've basically spawn
around a load of hydras and things
actually I'll throw up a clip on the
screen so you can see it and you
basically go off and fly to where it is
it's in the same place as it was in the
campaign I believe all the heist mission
so yeah you you basically go to it and
it's it's there so that's the only way
you can do it currently I'll put a link
to that in the description if you want
to check it out with your friends
although I will say it works currently
right now a few days time weeks time
months time can't guarantee rocks I
won't take it down they might not like
the fact that this is in a job and
personally I don't see as much of an
issue but they might have a problem with
it and if that's the case they will
remove it and you'll just have to use
the hives mission to check it out them
anyway that's my opinion Rockstar if
you're watching this video you put so
many resources so much time so much
effort into this heist piece of like you
basically made a whole frickin level
just give it to us like we want it
we don't like I don't want to have to go
into a mission the third mission of the
third heist every time I want to want to
do it I just think it would be really
cool to have it on free mode but anyway
guys thank you for watching this video
be sure to rate it on your way out and
I'll see you next time take care bye bye